-[bells chime]
-[chalk scrapes]
ALARM 6:00
[alarm chimes]
[boy 1] Every night.
I recite the same prayer.
Please. God. let me be sick.
Please save me
from going to school tomorrow.
[horns honk]
[gentle music plays]
Please let me fall asleep
and wake up in two years
when I'll already have graduated.
Death doesn't scare me anymore.
-[girl] Good morning. miss.
-Good morning.
[boy 1] The only thing I fear…
[man] You look great today.
[boy 1] …is the hellish nightmare
that is my school.
[boy 2] Hey. Dae-seok!
-Hey. Dae-seok!
-[man] Hey. get down from there!
-[boy 3] Who is that?
-[boy 2] Dae-seok!
-[boy 4] Stop it! Don't do it!
-[boy 5] What are you doing?
[boy 4] Dangerous!
-[boy 6] Stop messing around.
-[boy 7] Don't do this. man.
-[girl 2] Come down.
-[girl 3] Calling the police?
-[boy 5] Call them.
-[boy 8] Get down!
[boy 9] As of today.
the Daehan High outcast is…
Drumroll. please!
[boy 9 imitates drumroll]
Park Dae-seok!
-Congratulations!
-[boy 10] Congratulations!
[boy 9] Let us now begin
the passing of the outcast stick ceremony.
Former outcast Kim Gyeong-min.
please step forward.
Stand up to receive it.
Stand up. you fucking idiot.
[boy 9] Now hand off the outcast stick!
[tense music plays]
[teacher] Hey. no phones allowed in class.
[man] …decreasing exponential function.
I won't repeat myself.
Man. I'm learning so much from this video.
Try to be more like him.
How dare you speak to me this way?
You're just a substitute.
Not even a real teacher.
If you want to be a real teacher.
my dad can help you.
-Oh. wouldn't you want that?
-[boy 10 laughs]
[boy 11] So. if you're interested.
shut the fuck up and leave me alone.
[gasping]
How about you show some respect. dickhead?
You're just some little boy
who always needs daddy.
[teacher] Oh. Dae-seok! [gasps]
So. Dae-seok. you wanna
stand up for her? All right!
-Gwang-su. stop!
-[Gwang-su] What's the matter?
You thought we'd just let you
get away with this?
-Turn around.
-Someone help him!
-[Gwang-su] You stupid son of a bitch.
-[boy] Why didn't he keep his mouth shut?
[teacher] Why are you all just watching?
OUTCAST STICK
We really hope
that you give it your all. All right!
Now that the ceremony is finally over.
everyone. let's give him
a round of applause!
[applause]
Dae-seok.
You better start smiling.
or I'll smash your fuckin' head.
Let's go for a walk.
Why don't you join us. Gyeong-min?
Come on.
I AM DUMB
TAKE A SWIPE AT ME
-[boy 11] Yeah!
-[Dae-seok grunts]
[laughs]
[boy 11] Everyone. As of today. this bitch
is the new outcast of Daehan High.
Say hello.
[exhales]
Hello. everyone.
My name's Dae-seok
and I'll be your new school outcast.
[sighs] I'm happy to be here.
[boy 11] Let's wish him
a warm welcome! Whoo!
[tense music plays]
Oh. Gyeong-min. What's wrong?
Uh. nothing.
[teacher 1] How do you two
deal with the troublemakers in class?
[teacher 2] I pretty much gave up
trying to educate these brats.
The only thing you can do
is deduct points on their final grades.
[teacher 3] It was over for us
the moment they banned
corporal punishment in schools. [scoffs]
Nowadays. the moment you try to instill
a bit of respect in the classroom.
they try to get you
on some ridiculous child abuse charge.
What do they want us to do?
[scoffs] Then again.
we can count ourselves lucky
that we haven't been stabbed
by one of our students…
[teacher 2 sighs]
Like the teacher two years ago.
-[teacher 3] It was terrifying.
-[teacher 2 sighs]
[tense music continues]
[indistinct shouting]
[boy 13] Dae-seok. get down!
[overlapping shouting]
[screaming]
-[gasps]
-[screaming continues]
[breathes heavily]
[siren wails]
[boy 12] The cops are here.
-[boy 13] Where are they?
-Wait. actually?
They must be here for Dae-seok.
[boy 13] Those guys are fucked. right?
[Gwang-su] Who's fucked now.
motherfuckers?
Say that again you dumb fuck.
Quit staring and sit the fuck down!
[gentle ballad plays]
Let's welcome back our favorite outcast!
-Whoo-hoo!
-[laughs]
[Gwang-su] You really are the best
at this. aren't you?
Look at you. you stupid fuck.
What's with that face?
Did you think it was over?
You thought the fucking police
would arrest us. we'd be thrown in jail
and you could say.
“Wow. at least I can be free at school.”
That what you were thinking?
Huh? [laughs]
Oh. holy shit. you really don't get it.
you dumb fucking idiot.
You all think it's over
for us now. don't you?
Keep fucking dreaming.
Nothing's changed.
Please don't feel sad. all right?
Let's all be glad that our little
Gyeong-min has taken back his role.
[boy 9] By the way.
have you had your first drink?
Don't worry. as your dear friends.
we're gonna change that.
-[Gwang-su] Oh. fuck yeah! Let's have fun!
-[boy 9] We want you to have a good time.
You're only a man
once you've had your first drink.
-Come on. sit still. Just one drink.
-Just don't move.
-Oh!
-[boy 9] Take it!
-Oh. whoa!
-[boy 9] There you go. Just stay there!
[Gyeong-min coughs]
[Gwang-su] There's alcohol everywhere!
[laughter]
[teacher] Everyone. quiet down!
[whimpers]
[cries]
[sobs]
[music stops]
[sobbing continues]
And he tried to block my shot.
But I saw him coming.
and I just dished it out.
Gyeong-min's here! Agh!
[groans. coughs]
Ah. all my training's made me too strong.
Sorry about that.
[groans] It's… It's…
Tuh. tuh. tuh. tuh. You stuttering
like a dumbass makes me feel worse.
I'll stop. I'm sorry.
[breathes shakily]
No. come on. just hit me back. Hm?
-[laughs]
-No. it's okay.
This is for me. Otherwise. you're
gonna tell everyone I'm bullying you.
-I won't.
-Just hit me. you fucking bitch.
Hit me. I'm telling you to fucking hit me.
Do it! Goddamn it.
-Hey. Hey. Listen to me.
-[Gyeong-min groans]
Hey. How many times
do you want me to repeat myself?
Come on. Look at me.
Go on. go for it. Just hit me.
You motherfucker. lift your head up. Hey.
Let me see.
I said let me see you. you bitch.
Oh. for fuck's sake. You're all right.
Come on. you're fine.
All right. get up. Here we go.
Let me teach you.
When you hit someone.
you stare straight into their eyes. okay?
Go.
[breathes shakily]
-[grunts weakly]
-[grunts. laughs]
All right. that was good. One more time.
Are you fucking serious?
Come on. don't cry.
All right. fine. I'll close my eyes.
Do it. Hit me. This is your chance.
Just hit me! Come on. man up!
Oh. come on. you bitch. Do it. do it--
-[crowd gasping]
-[Gwang-su groans]
[indistinct chatter]
Goddamn. What the fuck?
Oh. okay. okay.
[groans]
-[boy 1] Who is that?
-[boy 2] Did he just hit him?
[boy 3] Here we go.
[rock music plays]
[boy 1 chuckles]
[crowd whispering]
Are you the one that hit me?
Who the fuck are you?
Are you a teacher?
You really need to watch your mouth!
[crowd gasping]
[Gwang-su groans]
[Gwang-su] All right. [groans]
Oh.
Okay.
[exhales]
Fuck you!
[crowd gasping]
[inhales]
Oh shit. Stop fucking filming!
[groans]
-You…
-It is prohibited to run in the halls.
Fucker!
[crowd gasping]
[Gwang-su groans]
Shh!
[groans]
On school grounds. engaging
in disorderly conduct is forbidden.
[music stops]
[indistinct whispering]
-[boy 4] Look. it's Jun-hyeong.
-[girl 2] He's here. What's he gonna do?
[boy 2] That guy's finished now.
He's dead.
So. who are you?
I've just been assigned
to the school today.
Oh. so you're new?
Teachers shouldn't put
their hands on students.
-Hey. record this.
-[boy 9] Okay.
[Jun-hyeong] Everyone.
pull out your phones.
-[groans]
-Hey. pull out your phone.
[crowd murmurs]
What's wrong? You scared of the cameras?
Go on. Hit me now. old man.
-[Gwang-su laughs]
-All right. I get it.
-Here. Come on. stand up.
-[Gwang-su groans]
[grunts]
[boy 1] Is he crazy?
[indistinct chatter]
[boy 3] No? No? No!
Well. if you insist.
-[gasping]
-[girl 3] He hit him again!
How about we make a cool Short of you?
TEACHING A LESSON
STUDENT ASSAULT
THE GRIM REAPER
WHACK! YET TO START
THRILLING! SPICY!
How about another one?
SLAP
WHO'S THE ABUSIVE TEACHER?
SLAPPING ARTIST
SMILE OR GET F***ED
Say hi. everyone.
Cheese.
[teacher] What's going on?
Get out of the way!
-[man 1] Watch it.
-Who are you?
Hey. hey. Hey. hey. What happened?
How dare you hurt this child?
Give me your name!
Right. you don't know who I am. Hm.
He says that
he's a newly-appointed teacher.
A new teacher?
Well. this is the first I've heard of it.
Mister. you better tell me your name.
Right. um. my name…
[chuckles]
One moment. yeah.
Korean Educational Rights Protection
Bureau inspector.
INSPECTOR NA HWA-JIN
[boy 1] The Bureau!
Na Hwa-jin is my name.
[teacher] Educational Rights
Protection Bureau?
-Have you ever heard of this thing?
-I've never heard of it.
Well. that's understandable.
We've only just created it.
And what does this Protection Bureau mean?
Oh. this is exciting.
I get to explain it for the first time.
[clears throat]
We offer specialized educational support
to certain problematic institutions
who resort to bribing the police
to cover up certain issues.
Such as the death
of one of their students.
[teacher] First. that never happened.
But the real issue
is you putting hands on him.
That's where you're wrong.
You should know that members of
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau
have special dispensation.
We can do whatever we want. Yeah.
Our approach depends on the students.
All well-behaved students
will be praised by the Bureau.
The other students. who misbehave
and lack respect. will be beaten.
[rock music plays]
So as of today.
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau
will be in charge of this school.
Looking forward to teaching you a lesson.
TEACH YOU A LESSON
MINISTRY OF EDUCATION
ATTN: SCHOOL PRINCIPAL
Wow! [laughs] Well. I guess
the Bureau really does exist.
But I assure you.
there are no issues in our school.
Listen. there are no bullies here.
The kind of behavior you're talking about
is simply inconceivable here.
All the students
come from high-class backgrounds.
Many of the pupils are from famous
political and business families.
We even have the son
of a member of parliament.
Park Dae-seok was a student in class 5.
I'll be the homeroom teacher in that class
from now on.
[teacher] Parents won't agree to this.
They don't appreciate it
when there are sudden unexpected changes.
If the students' grades drop.
the backlash against the school
would be terrible.
[sighs] Is that what you're afraid of?
[intriguing music plays]
[sighs] Their grades?
Well. you see. one of the students
is the son of a famous congressman.
I'm sure you've heard of him.
Ryu Gwang-pil. the next candidate
for the president?
He could change your life. [chuckles]
You and I wouldn't gain anything
from getting on his bad side.
[chuckles]
Now. what you said is very scary indeed.
Well. of course. who wouldn't be scared
of such a powerful man?
Principal Kim. a world
where adults are afraid of children…
is a world that is nearing its end.
[Gwang-su] Man. my ears won't stop
fucking ringing. Oh my God! [groans]
Hey. That Protection Bureau
doesn't seem to exist.
Even if it does.
he won't do a fucking thing to me.
[boy 1] Yeah. you're right.
Your dad owns all of them anyways.
[snickers]
Hi.
I believe you remember me from
this morning. No need for an introduction.
I'll be your teacher from now on.
-[boy 2] Oh shit.
-Oh. we're so fucked. man.
Look at that. What a warm welcome.
Let's take attendance.
Ko Gyeong-chan.
-Here.
-[Hwa-jin] Kim Gyeong-min.
Present.
[sighs]
-Kim Gwang-su.
-Right here.
Oh. Gwang-su?
-Kim Na-rae.
-Present.
Ryu Jun-hyeong.
Park Dae-seok.
Oh yeah. That's right.
Dae-seok is dead.
Does anyone know why he committed suicide?
I heard that Dae-seok killed himself
over his grades.
Oh! You think so?
Well. I heard that some of you
relentlessly bullied Dae-seok.
You bullied him so much
that he couldn't take it anymore
and died by suicide.
[boy 1] Oh no. not at all.
He was just an idiot that thought
the solution to his problems was to…
[imitates explosion]
…and then all his issues
would be over with.
Jesus. you really love to run your mouth.
-So. how about I teach you some manners?
-[boy 1] Please wait. [groans]
-[Hwa-jin] Mm?
-[groans]
[students] Ooh!
[groans]
-[chuckles]
-[boy 1 groans]
[Hwa-jin] You guys
really are unbelievable.
All you bums gathered together
in one class.
You believe teachers
are the scum of the earth.
And you proudly continue
the tradition of bullying.
[boy 1] You fucking bastard!
[groans]
One of your classmates commits suicide.
and here you sit
acting as though nothing happened.
You guys really are something else. Damn.
[boy 1 groans]
All those guilty faces.
[rock music plays]
But you know. class.
guilt shouldn't just be a thought.
It should be felt.
All of you. plank position right now.
I'm only gonna count to three.
Three!
Sit down.
[music stops]
[sighs]
I said sit down!
We begin our practice exams soon.
So let's just focus on that.
In the end.
isn't it your job to get us good grades?
I'm certain that I said three.
Look at that. These fuckers
seem to fear me more than you.
Well. I'm so glad you said that.
That means. if you're scared of me.
they'll all follow suit. right?
[Jun-hyeong] The problem is
that you don't scare me.
There's nothing you can do.
Don't worry about it.
I'm sure I'll come up with something.
[groans]
[Jun-hyeong whimpers]
Oh my God!
[Jun-hyeong groans]
Agh. let go of me!
[Jun-hyeong strains]
Do you have any idea who I am?
Of course. You're a student.
And nothing more.
[Jun-hyeong yells]
I will make sure every single day
feels like a living hell.
[Jun-hyeong breathes heavily]
-[high-pitched tone rings]
-[screams]
All right. Three!
[Jun-hyeong groans]
[Jun-hyeong breathes shakily]
[tense music plays]
For the last time.
Three.
[music fades]
100 GLORIOUS YEARS OF DAEHAN
MAY IT THRIVE FOREVER
-[girl 1] Thank you.
-[server 1] My pleasure. Want some more?
-[boy 1] Thank you very much.
-Of course. Enjoy your meal.
-How are you today?
-[Gwang-su] Ah!
-All right. let's go.
-[boy 1] Oh!
-[Gwang-su] Get the fuck out of my way.
-Just for you.
-Please enjoy your meal.
-[boy 2] Thanks.
[girl 2] Thank you very much.
[jaunty music plays]
Seriously. aren't you ashamed
of being such an asshole?
Huh?
Stop acting like such dicks.
[Jun-hyeong sighs]
This fucking guy.
Go to the back of the line.
I don't see anyone complaining.
Man. power really is a scary thing.
isn't it? Look at them.
No student should have this influence.
If you want to eat lunch today.
go back to the end of the line.
Otherwise. just get out.
[music stops]
-[server 2 gasps]
-Ugh.
[server 1] Oh no. What's he doing?
[Gwang-su laughs]
[groans]
[Hwa-jin] You ungrateful bastard.
[students gasp]
Oh. sorry about that. It annoys me
when people waste their food. Huh?
What are we gonna do about this?
Your clothes are all dirty.
I know that your father's
a rich congressman and all that.
but you should still take better care
of your clothes. right?
Let me get that.
Oh. man. see. this is why
you shouldn't play with food.
You've got sauce all over you.
Hold on. if we put this on your head…
Oh. my. Jun-hyeong!
Look at how pretty you look.
Hey. why don't you take pictures
of all this?
I'm sure this would make
a great Short. Right?
Let's all learn from our kind Jun-hyeong
and enjoy the lovely meals
being served today.
Okay?
Now. since you made this mess.
you clean it up.
Everyone else in line!
Chow time!
You must be so excited.
Not at all.
What did you say?
-[groans]
-[gasps]
[Jun-hyeong] What the fuck did you say?
-[coughs]
-[Jun-hyeong] Huh?
You fucking piece of shit.
You're right.
[exhales] Sorry.
[sighs] Fucking loser.
[doorbell chimes]
Sweetheart?
Where'd she go?
[chiming continues]
Can I help you. sir?
[Hwa-jin] Hey. sorry.
is this the residence
of the great and powerful
Congressman Ryu Gwang-pil?
Look at that. These are real fruits.
They're not just decoration
you have laying around.
It's a long time since I've had one.
I forgot what they might taste like. Mm?
Mmm.
Oh. these are really delicious. [laughs]
[laughs]
[jaunty music plays]
[Hwa-jin sighs]
Jun-hyeong.
Now that my son is here. would you please
share the reason for your visit tonight?
[Hwa-jin] Sure.
Well. little Jun-hyeong here left early
and didn't clean up after class.
“Students stand as one.
and the teacher stands above all.”
Didn't I tell you that. kid?
The issue is
he's gotten away with this before.
Apparently. he's not afraid
of anyone. [chuckles]
During your last campaign.
you ran with the slogan.
“People as people. politics as politics.”
Isn't that right?
You see. I agree with that.
Teachers should behave like teachers.
And the same thing
goes for students. damn punk!
[laughs]
And so now I'll be taking your son
to clean things up.
Like I told him to.
-[laughs]
-[Jun-hyeong] He's been targeting me. Dad.
He's trying to blame me
for what happened to Dae-seok!
[music stops]
[apple crunches]
Hm.
[tense music plays]
Thank you. That was good.
All righty. then.
I'll be taking him with me.
I'll make sure
he learns his lesson. Let's go.
[Jun-hyeong groans]
I believe you're making a mistake.
Yes. mistakes were made
in your son's education.
-I'll correct them.
-[electronic voice] Doors closing.
[Hwa-jin] Damn it. Why didn't you
press the button. you punk?
-Thank you. Goodbye. Till next time.
-[Jun-hyeong groans]
-Let go!
-[Hwa-jin] Where's the entrance?
-[electronic voice] Doors closing.
-These doors are slow.
[tense music continues]
Would you look
at how clean the whole bathroom is.
You did a very nice job.
I can see my reflection down there.
You're good when you want to be. Okay.
Once you're done here. leave the cleaning
supplies just like you found them.
All right? [clears throat]
[ominous music plays]
[breathes deeply]
[grunts]
[music stops]
STUDENT RECORD
STUDENT NAME: PARK DAE-SEOK
Choi Gang-seok.
I've just learned
that the Minister of Education
is the founder of the ERPB.
I've also learned
that you are not a licensed teacher.
I have been given the title of teacher
until the end of our inquiry.
But I'm sure you already knew that.
There is something
I need your help clarifying.
How did my Jun-hyeong bruise his head?
I'm not sure what to say.
I told him to clean the bowl.
but I never said to smash his head on it.
Are you saying he deliberately inflicted
an injury on himself just to frame you?
I know he finds it's easy to hurt others.
but can you imagine
how terrified he was of hurting himself?
And that bruise of his.
doesn't it look a little staged?
[Gwang-pil laughs]
Seems you're the one who's not afraid.
Let's imagine a doctor
who's afraid of their patients.
He'd be unable to treat them.
Now if you imagine a lawyer
who's afraid of their clients.
he couldn't represent them. could he?
[tense music plays]
And lastly. if a teacher
were afraid of their students.
would they be able to teach them properly?
-[chuckles]
-[Gwang-pil] Oh.
I'm sure you're well aware
of what it means
that I'm standing here today.
The ERPB is a national organization.
You'd be picking a pretty big fight.
-That's my field of expertise.
-[Hwa-jin] That's good to know.
[music fades]
We heard that you reported us
to the Bureau. you fucking bitch.
-It wasn't me.
-Don't fucking lie to us.
You know how busy Jun-hyeong's father is?
You made him come all the way here.
-You wanna meet Dae-seok that bad?
-I swear it wasn't me. I didn't call 'em.
-You motherfucker.
-[Gwang-su] Hey. hey. hey.
-It wasn't you?
-[Gyeong-min coughs]
[Jun-hyeong] I don't fucking care if you
were the one who called. You're gonna pay.
[Gyeong-min groans]
[Gwang-su] What did we do to you. huh?
You little punk.
-[grunting]
-Let's leave.
-Keep moving.
-[groaning]
-[boy] I said keep moving.
-[Jun-hyeong] You stupid fuck.
-[groans]
-[Gwang-su] Hey. lift your head. fucker.
-[blows thud]
-[grunting]
[Gwang-su] Hey. hey. Come on.
admit you called them.
[breathes shakily]
[somber music plays]
[music fades]
[gasps]
[cries]
Jeez. kid. you're a real handful.
aren't you?
So. what do you want? Up or down?
Up! Just pull me up!
Hey. don't forget the magic word now.
Please pull me up! [panicked breathing]
[grunts]
[Gyeong-min panting]
Come with me. [clears throat]
[sighs]
So it seems like
you're always getting beat up
by Ryu Jun-hyeong and his boys.
Is that it?
So. how long do you plan
on getting bullied and doing nothing. kid?
Don't lecture me.
You don't know what you're talking about.
You know what changes if I fight back?
Nothing. They'll just do it again.
When did I tell you to fight back?
I'm just telling you to run.
Listen. if anyone tells you to fight back.
then clearly they've never been beat up
by a group of guys before.
Then they'd beat me again.
Then you just run away again.
I can't just run forever.
That's true.
You can't just keep running away.
So. then.
go and speak with an adult.
And what good will that do?
You'll never know until you ask. [tuts]
There are good adults out there.
So. Gyeong-min. from now on.
you are going to learn
to run as fast as possible.
See that soccer goal over there?
You've got ten seconds to make it back.
-Sir?
-Run.
Are you deaf? Run!
Come on. faster than that!
This the fastest you can run?
Keep slacking
and I'll set the dogs on you.
-[Gyeong-min] There's a dog here?
-[Hwa-jin] Yeah. me! I'm the wild dog.
-Hurry up. kid!
-[Gyeong-min] Okay!
[gentle music plays]
Gyeong-min. think you can manage
on your own?
-Yes. sir.
-[Hwa-jin] Damn right. You got it.
You did a good job today.
Thank you very much.
Look at that presentation.
I think you might've learned
a thing or two from being bullied.
So you're just like them. sir.
That's where you'd be wrong.
They're just bullies.
I'm a teacher who cares.
[music stops]
They're not just bullies though.
They've got power and influence.
Do you know Jun-hyeong's father?
He can ruin an entire family just for fun.
Don't worry about his father. all right?
I've got my own powerful allies.
I'm glad you have people to rely on.
[chuckles]
Gyeong-min.
you know. you also have
people you can rely on.
Like who?
What do you mean?
So. no one comes to mind?
Come on. kid. Think a bit.
[sighs]
Jeez. you're a student.
There's only one answer. Teachers.
Are you kidding me?
Weren't you listening earlier?
Look. I can be pretty reliable.
-I peeled this just for you.
-[Gyeong-min] Oh. thank you. sir.
[Hwa-jin laughs]
[Hwa-jin sighs]
So. Gyeong-min. you're telling me
you went through all of high school
without making a friend. huh?
I haven't always been the outcast.
How come you didn't tell your parents?
Were you worried about how they'd react?
[melancholy music plays]
DARLING SON
ENJOY YOUR DAY!
Huh. who knows?
Just eat your ramyeon while it's warm.
[Gyeong-min slurps]
All right.
MINISTRY OF EDUCATION
[music stops]
[woman] Oh. uh. sir.
you can't go in there!
Oh. To what do I owe
this pleasure. Congressman Ryu?
This Protection Bureau thing.
is it true you're the one behind all this?
[chuckles]
[sighs]
Well. yes. I am.
How about a cup of tea?
I didn't come here to drink tea with you.
[minister chuckles]
Why don't you
come and sit down? [chuckles]
Minister. why did you feel the need
to create this thing?
[tuts]
[sighs] I did it because I had to.
I'm sure I don't have to remind you
of the teacher
who was murdered two years ago.
That teacher was killed by her student.
The reason I created
the Education Rights Protection Bureau
was to ensure that such a tragedy
never happened again.
But why send them to Daehan High School?
My son is now being harassed
by one of your inspectors.
Are you telling me
your son attends Daehan High School?
Why. I wasn't aware. [chuckles]
Do you know what your so-called inspector
has been doing at the school?
If it went public. we'd all be in trouble.
Nothing good can come of this. so let's
end this quietly while we still can.
[clears throat]
You see. it's just
that we've only just started.
and founding this organization
was no easy task.
How about we give it a chance first?
Minister Gang-seok. you know
how much I respect you. don't you?
[chuckles]
[Gwang-pil] I'm saying this
with all the care in the world.
It'd be a terrible shame for you to retire
over something so mundane.
[chuckles]
A father helping his son
must never be taken lightly.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[man 1] Welcome to Congressman
Ryu Gwang-pil's Happy Hope Party.
-Thank you for your support.
-[woman 1] Thank you for your support.
-What time is it?
-[woman 2] Take a book.
-Till next time.
-How about a bit of professionalism?
Sorry about that.
“People as people. politics as politics”
-[cell phone chimes]
-What's this?
“Using aides for personal matters?”
[man 2] Bribes of valuables
in exchange for local election nomination?
[woman 3] Sexual harassment?
[crowd] Ryu Gwang-pil!
Ryu Gwang-pil! Ryu Gwang-pil!
[Gwang-pil] Thank you.
So glad you could make it.
-[man 3] You've got my vote.
-I know you're busy. Thank you for coming.
What do you have to say
about the allegations of bribery?
An anonymous tip was just released
regarding your sexual harassment
of female colleagues.
[woman 4] Information has been released
on your use of government property.
What the hell is going on right now?
[reporters clamor]
[woman 5] Congressman Gwang-pil!
[man 4] What does this mean
for your campaign?
-Stay back! Stay back!
-Congressman Gwang-pil!
[tense music plays]
Goddamn it.
What the hell's going on?
[music fades]
[sighs]
[Gwang-pil scoffs]
Is everything all right?
What's all the commotion?
[Gwang-pil] Don't worry. It's nothing.
Now if you'll excuse me. I have to go.
[Gang-seok] Our dear Congressman Ryu
doesn't seem to fully grasp his situation.
[tense music plays]
[chuckles]
Wait a minute.
Are you the one who leaked all of this?
Why the hell are you doing this to me?!
[haunting music plays]
Did you know it took me two years
to establish the Bureau.
And it turns out
that you can learn a lot in two years.
RYU GWANG-PIL
UNOFFICIAL REPORT
RECORDING OF VICTIM INTERVIEW
RYU GWANG-PIL
NOMINATION CORRUPTION REPORT
[music fades]
Are you insane? By doing this to me.
you will ruin our party!
We are both on the same side!
That's where you're wrong.
There are no sides
when we talk about education.
I knew it.
You were targeting me from the start.
What did I do wrong?
I did more for this party
than anyone else did!
You still think this is about the party?
As for what you did wrong.
well. I'm sure it'll be all over the news.
[laughs]
[roars]
This isn't fucking fair!
I've done nothing
compared to the rest of these scum.
so why would you ever do this to me?
Because you needed to fall
for your son
to learn his lesson.
[tense music plays]
Really. you should have done a better job
at raising that child of yours.
[rock music plays]
[sighs]
Minister. Everyone. make room.
[Gwang-pil] Goddamn it!
-[reporter 1] That's him. isn't it?
-[reporters clamor]
[reporter 2] The National Assembly
approved a motion to arrest Ryu Gwang-pil.
who is under investigation in connection
to multiple corruption allegations.
Support for the motion increased
amid reports
alleging that the congressman's son
was a notorious bully
whose actions drove one of his victims
to take his own life.
This case. which had nearly been buried.
was uncovered by an investigation by
the Educational Rights Protection Bureau.
a newly established agency
under the direct authority
of the Minister of Education.
The Bureau operates independently
and is responsible for receiving reports.
conducting investigations
and responding to violation of conduct.
I'm starting to think
this will become a political issue.
Will that be a problem?
Don't you worry about that.
I'll make sure to bite the bullet.
You just focus on getting the job done.
What are you talking about.
"I'll bite the bullet"?
Get back to me
once you've been in the line of fire.
It was only a metaphor.
You think I'm in the line of fire?
No. I was just using a metaphor.
Great job today.
[laughs]
[indistinct chatter]
[boy 1] Hey. hey. hey.
Did you guys see this?
[boy 2] As of today.
the Daehan High outcast is
our adorable princess Jun-hyeong!
Congratulations!
-I really think this fits you best.
-[Gwang-su] I think you're right.
-[Jun-hyeong grunts]
-Oh! Oh!
Oh. sweetheart. where are you going?
Huh? [laughs]
Don't forget you're fucking nothing
without your dad!
[boy 3] Looks like
the dumpster boy's back.
-[laughter]
-[breathes heavily]
OUTCAST STICK`
[haunting music plays]
[whimpers]
[groans]
[cries]
[breathes heavily]
[Hwa-jin] It wasn't your fault.
[cries]
Gyeong-min.
It wasn't your fault.
[Gyeong-min cries]
When Dae-seok was picked as the outcast.
I'm ashamed to say it felt good.
Then. when he died.
the first thing I did was smile.
For once. I thought that I was finally
going to be able to escape this place.
In the end. I'm just the same
as all of them. [cries]
You're nothing like them. kid.
You were an innocent victim
that was abandoned.
Abandoned by the adults
that were around you
as they stood by
and watched you in silence
as the bullies
made your life a living hell.
So don't you ever believe that you
are anything like them.
[cries]
[sobs]
-[screaming]
-[ominous music plays]
Get out of the way!
You all still think it's funny?
-[girl 1] Stop! You're insane!
-You motherfuckers!
[boy 1] Asshole.
I just filmed you doing this.
-[Jun-hyeong] I'll kill you all.
-[boy 1] Stop!
-[Jun-hyeong] See who's laughing now!
-Jun-hyeong. stop!
Please! I'm sorry. Jun-hyeong!
[screaming]
Let's see! Is it still funny now?
[Jun-hyeong groans]
[tense music plays]
[students gasp]
[Gwang-su] Oh. it's the inspector!
[boy 2] We're fine now.
You just don't want to learn. do you?
[breathes heavily]
Do you remember what I said?
Guilt isn't thoughts.
Real guilt is something
felt with your body.
Hm.
[Jun-hyeong] That's gasoline.
What the fuck?
Are you scared?
[panicked breathing]
Isn't this what you were planning?
[whimpers] Oh shit.
[screams]
[screaming continues]
[Jun-hyeong whimpers]
[Jun-hyeong groans]
[whimpers]
[screams]
Sir. please help me! Please. I was wrong!
[cries]
It was my fault. okay? Please save me!
[screams]
I was wrong!
[cries] I get it. okay?
I've learned my lesson!
[sobs]
[screams]
[Jun-hyeong sobs]
Why are you doing this to me?
I don't deserve this! Why?
Ask yourself the same thing.
Do you think that Dae-seok
deserved to be treated that way?
[cries]
[Hwa-jin sighs]
[Jun-hyeong whimpers]
Dae-seok was afraid
of dying. too. you know? Just like you.
[whimpers]
[Hwa-jin] But he went through with it.
And that's because of you.
you piece of shit.
[somber music plays]
[Principal] If you're finding it difficult
to deal with your friends bullying you.
then why don't you transfer?
[father] What? Why should my son
be the one to change schools?
NO PUNISHMENT FOR BULLY
Why aren't you making
the ones bullying my son transfer?
Why should the victim be forced to leave?
[melancholy ballad plays]
Hold on. You can't
just cancel your orders now.
I don't understand what's going on.
All my vendors are canceling.
[Gwang-su grunts]
I messed up.
Please. just leave my father out of it.
-[Jun-hyeong] Don't touch me.
-Stop your father. I'm begging you.
I'll do what you want. I'll do anything.
Look at you. I thought I was just a loser
who always cries for his daddy?
I was wrong. I'm sorry.
What can I do to make it up to you?
I'll do anything you want.
Just die already.
[laughs]
[cries]
[Hwa-jin] Ensuring students fully grasp
the consequences of their actions
by having the students live the torture
that they made others live through.
and making sure they take accountability.
That is exactly how the Bureau believes
that real lessons should be learned.
[cries]
But no matter what lessons
you have learned…
Dae-seok won't be able
to come back. right?
For the rest of your life.
you will carry the burden
of knowing you caused this.
That's the justice he will get.
[Jun-hyeong sniffles]
[Hwa-jin] This is the hell you created.
Enjoy living in it.
[Gyeong-min] The police
reinvestigated Dae-seok's case
and immediately arrested Ryu Jun-hyeong
and his friends
for what they did to Dae-seok.
You dumb motherfucker!
[Gyeong-min] For the first time.
Principal Kim didn't cower away.
and took responsibility for everything.
[reporter] Principal Kim! Have you
been hiding there the entire time?
[Gyeong-min] The ERPB website
exposed Ryu Jun-hyeong's bullying
for everyone to see.
THE LATE PARK DAE-SEOK
And they say that those records can only
be erased if the victims forgive them.
[applause]
And that's how the Bureau
ended their stay at Daehan High.
That was the last time
that we ever saw the inspector.
[music fades]
[gentle music plays]
THE LATE CHOI GA-YUN
JULY 25. 1995. TO NOVEMBER 27. 2024
WE WILL NOT FORGET
[music stops]
♪ I'm gonna hunt you down ♪
♪ Yeah. I ain't playing around ♪
♪ I'mma take your crown ♪
♪ Man. better run. gonna hunt you down ♪
♪ Who's the bravest? ♪
♪ Let me know how far
You wanna take this ♪
♪ I've been having dreams of winning ♪
♪ I can see myself
In an esteemed position ♪
♪ I got no qualms. I got no fears ♪
♪ I got blood. sweat and tears
Under my belt ♪
♪ And now I'm switching gears ♪
♪ And there's no stopping
You got no options ♪
♪ We win by any means necessary
You got it? ♪
-♪ I'm gonna hunt you down ♪
-♪ Gonna hunt you down ♪
-♪ Yeah. I ain't playing around ♪
-♪ I ain't playing around ♪
♪ I'mma take your crown ♪
♪ Man. better run
Gonna hunt you down ♪
♪ Yeah. I be coming for you
Like Hannibal ♪
♪ Huh. I'm a killer. call me a cannibal ♪
♪ Uh. I'mma take your crown ♪
♪ Man. better run. gonna hunt you down ♪
[music stops]